hi guys remember last week when Cheryl
boat-car came on and we made that
delicious healthy food well if you want
more healthy food stay tuned because her
series eat clean is starting right now
what's clean eating anywhere it means
eating whole unprocessed foods so you'll
maximize your energy and optimize your
health
I'm Cheryl bow car host of eat clean
join me as I create simple healthy
delicious homemade meals that will
inspire you to eat clean and feel your
best soup for breakfast might sound
unusual but in many Asian countries like
Japan and Vietnam and China that's the
way the day get started and this
vegetable miso soup has everything you
need to power through your day
we have chickpeas for protein miso for a
probiotic kick let's get cooking
to get started heat a medium pot over
medium heat then add a couple
tablespoons of olive oil and then we're
going to start with our mirepoix this is
that delicious blend of half a chopped
onion 2 cloves of garlic 2 stalks of
celery chopped and two carrots chopped
and just cook this until the vegetables
have softened and they smell really
wonderful now I always like to season a
little bit as I'm going and I find that
this just helps build the flavor now one
of the reasons I love the idea of a
breakfast soup is that I often run into
a breakfast rut you know you can only
have yogurt and granola or toast and
eggs so many days in a row and this is
just a nice way to freshen up your
routine it's also a great way to get
your vegetables in the morning my
vegetables are sizzling away here they
smell wonderful one cup of cooked
chickpeas and one cup of chopped
broccoli cook this for just a couple of
minutes the broccoli will turn bright
green it smells great
and add four cups of water and the great
thing that I love about a homemade soup
is that you know everything that's going
in there these are all whole ingredients
and then just increase the heat to high
you want to bring this mixture to a boil
so I'm just gonna let this soup simmer
away for about ten minutes until the
broccoli is nice tender we don't want to
cook it too much my vegetables are
perfectly cooked now it's time to add
the miso when you're adding miso to hot
liquids you want to make sure that
they're not boiling so I'm taking two
tablespoons of miso two tablespoons of
water and just whisking and whisk it
until it becomes softened this also
helps incorporate it into your dish a
lot faster so miso is a fermented
product and that means there's lots of
beneficial microorganisms and you don't
want to blast them with lots of high
heat and that's why we're tempering it
into our soup after it's simmered and
one of the reasons I love using miso not
just a soup but another cooking is that
it's really nutrient dense you have lots
of probiotics and it's full of amino
acids and another really important thing
when you're cooking with miso is to
taste before you season with salt
because
me so is naturally high in sodium so you
really only need just a little bit of
salt okay let's eat
oh this broth smells so good
let's trap
so delicious healthy breakfast is a
guaranteed way to have an energetic
morning
you